The band was formed in the spring of 2008. In that time it was called
Odium and appeared to be a studio project, consisting of 2 members:
Sigmund (vocals,guitars,bass) and Cosmic Drone (keyboards). They
recorded demo “Decay”, that included 3 songs. The demo has got lots of
positive opinions. After that musicians were looked for, and after
successful search results in autumn,2008, the band was given its
actual name . The band’s debute concert was given on December,
19,2008, and not long before that, the first Inner Missing EP “All the
lifeless” was recorded. Denis Devichenskiy (Black Studio) was in
charge for recording and mixing and mastering was performed by Dmitri
Artaulin (Sunrise studio). The EP was released by Russian independent
lable Satanarsa Records in March, 2009. For the album’s approval
several concert were given in Saint-Peterburg and Moscow, among them
concerts with such bands as Ordog, Throes Of Dawn and Misanthrope
Count Mercyful. In summer 2009 Inner Missing has take part in Metal
Crowd Festival (Rechsitsa, Belarus), where played one one stage with
such bands as Forest Stream (Msk), Disease (Latvia), Demogorgon (Pl)
and some other european bands. In autumn 2009 the band has take part
in the biggest doom metal festival in Russia - Shadow doom fest, where
it shared the stage with Wine From Tears and The Morningside. After
that, Inner Missing records its first full-length album ''The Age Of
Silence". In spring 2010 Inner Missing supports Katatonia in its
russian gigs. <a href="https://www.last.fm/music/Inner+Missing">Read more on Last.fm</a>. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply.