This is from the bands Myspace page:

"Hailing from Long Island, New York, Suppressed Theory
assaults the scene with a brutal sound and a relentless
live show. With equal parts hardcore and thrash metal,
they create a full fledged storm that destroys anything in
its path. In December 2008, Suppressed Theory hit Full
Force Studios to record their cd, "Path To Madness." They
were signed to Last Resort Records before the recording
was even finished. After losing their bass player in
November 2008, Derek Boyer of Suffocation and Joe Cincotta
of Catastrophic came in and laid down bass tracks for the
band, which was still searching for a permanent bass
player. Having signed to Last Resort Records halfway
through the recording process, the band knew they were
onto something. Suppressed Theory was contacted by Pat
Obrian of Destroyed By Anger, and set up a meeting with
Mr. Sean Lamb. Sean came down and nailed every song, and
now has a permanent place in the family. Ready to take the
next step in their career, they have been playing killer
packed out shows! They are making a statement that they
mean business, and they wont stop until they bring their
sound to the masses. Suppressed Theory would like to say
thank you to all of their fans, friends, and family who
support them at every chance they can. Special thanks to:
Suffocation, Melissa Cross, Ronnie Reality, Full Force
Studios, Sean Bell and Last Resort Records, Matt and
Without Remorse, and the list goes on." <a href="https://www.last.fm/music/Suppressed+Theory">Read more on Last.fm</a>. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply.